in a few minutes we're going to be
meeting up with Sona the first musician
that we're profiling on this adventure
to India
Sona is an up-and-coming star whose
first album really intrigued me her
music conjures the spirit of ancient
India many people come to Bombay in
music and they go into Bollywood now
you've intentionally stayed away from
Bollywood for much of your career I
believe that being a playback voice for
somebody else is again not that exciting
its most Molly with singers are singing
and then an actor is mouthing yeah there
I always wanted to be the one facing my
audience
fishburn attire that it is good the tire
ich permit Jaya got a fish gonna tire
get a fish gonna die out but it came
is this good mucha gotta get you high